Chapter Name: Chapter 3
Chapter Content:
The white sun shone brightly in the morning. I soaked in the sunlight permeating the window that softened the deep flavor of the green tea. At the same time, I was looking at a small note written by Mido that morning. It was a written article easy to understand in pretty handwriting.
[Mido's Arkstar Stat Descriptions for Grandpa♡]
A heart. It seemed like good things would happen today. Should I buy a lotto ticket? I was seriously troubled.
Then I shifted my line of sight.

[Arkstar’s Base Stats]
[Strength: Increases physical damage and basic attack power.
Agility: Increases attack speed and movement speed.
Fitness: Increases health and physical defense.
Knowledge: Increases magic attack, magic defense, and magic power.
* You’ll naturally find out what stats you will focus on later after getting a class!
Grandpa, fighting!
Let’s play together later♡]

“Hohoho♡”
I imagined being with Mido and subconsciously burst out laughing. I put down the reading glasses I was wearing and headed toward the capsule room.
“I will give it a try.”
There was no one in the house today. Everyone had gone to work or to school and my daughter-in-law had an appointment with a friend. They said they were coming home later today, creating an environment where I could focus on the game.
“Today’s goal is level 10.”
According to Jeongdo’s words yesterday, I could change classes at level 10. From then on, it was the real start. Thus, I had to work hard and aim for this first.
I took the virtual reality game permit out of my wallet and placed it in what looked like an ATM slot. The capsule, which was like a metal heart, had a colorful glow and the lid started to open. It was a pretty magnificent appearance. My heart unknowingly started beating. I just had to get in...?
I turned my head and saw a portrait of my wife. I stared at her face and quietly closed my eyes.
‘Honey, please look after the family. You are a strong person.’
I suddenly remembered my wife’s last appearance. Why? All of a sudden, I wanted to see her.
‘Enjoy it slowly, without any regrets. Do whatever you want to do, be whatever you want to be. I’ll be watching from above. And... we’ll be a couple in our next life...?’
“Yes, you’re the best.”
I spoke in a small murmur and laid myself down in the capsule. The capsule started to close when the red button was pressed, just like Mido told me. There was darkness and then a voice rang in my ears.

[Welcome to the world of Arkstar.]

It started. It was time for this damn adventure.

* * *

It felt like my entire body was sucked in. The darkness seemed to engulf me. I felt an endless silence and the feeling of my body floating. I opened my eyes and found I was standing in the sky.
“This...”
Looking around, there was only me in the sky. My body was currently only wearing a light tee and old pants. I pinched myself lightly to make sure this wasn't real.
...It hurt. It was virtual reality yet it really hurt?

[Recognizing your iris.]
[Confirming a new user.]
[Do you want to create a character?]

This was it. It was just as Jeongdo said.
“Create.”

[Do you want to change your appearance?]

“No.”

[Please select a kingdom.]
[1. Orca Kingdom]
[2. Gran Allied Nations]
[3. Parta Principality]
[…]

“The Orca Kingdom.”
At the same time, a large winged eyeball appeared. The creature started to scan me with a laser that emerged from its eye while fluttering its wings.

[The character creation is complete.]
[Please tell me your name, nickname, or ID to use in the game.]

“Um...”
Naming was always difficult. It was the case when I named my son, Mido, and Jeongdo. Nevertheless, I didn’t take long. I had been thinking about it since yesterday after Jeongdo mentioned I should plan a username or nickname in advance.
“Jackson.”

[Is ‘Jackson’ correct? Once you’ve made a decision, you can’t change it.]

This was actually a secret but I was an old fan of Michael Jackson. How much did I dance to Billy Jean when it was popular when I was 30 years old? I really liked his dazzling moonwalk. It was the same even now.
“Yes.”

[Welcome, ‘Jackson.’ Welcome to the virtual reality world of Arkstar.]
[The tutorial will start now.]

Many colorful lights started to descend from the sky. It seemed like a mixture of an aurora and rainbow as it wrapped around my body. Then I was moved somewhere with the sound of a small firecracker.

* * *

After a while, I appeared in a dense forest. There was the chirping of birds and the sound of a nearby stream. I had lived in this type of countryside since I was five years old... these days, it was hard to find a place like this in the city. I missed it sometimes.
“By the way, where am I...? This is really amazing.”
I tried to move my body around. I clenched my fists and tried the different kicks that I was good at. I was shocked that there was no significant difference from moving in real life. I didn’t know that this other world would be so well implemented. This ‘Arkstar’ might be even greater than I thought.
Then I heard a jade-like voice. “Hello, Grandfather.” 
“...?”
I turned my head in the direction of the voice but I couldn’t see anyone. I continued to look around but there was nothing like a human. No way, a ghost...?
“I was the one who spoke. Huhut.”
A bright light floated down from above my head and shook in front of me. I wanted to know if this was a dream or reality but I soon realized it was real. The light faded a bit and a little girl with butterfly wings appeared.
“A... person...?”
No, she didn’t seem to be a person. I had flown in the sky so it shouldn’t be a surprise that she wasn’t a person.
“Huhu, you are funny. I am the fairy, Psyche, who helps novice adventurers. I’ll tell you many things so that you can adapt to this place, Ark Land. Are you looking forward to it?”
...Cute girl.
“Yes. Please tell me a lot. Keke.”
I looked up with expectant eyes at the child called Psyche. Psyche wielded a staff as she spoke, “Please choose an explanation that you want to hear about.”
A powdery light scattered and several sentences floated in front of me.

[What are health and magic power?]
[How to level up?]
[How to fight?]
[What are the types of classes?]
[…]
[…]

“Um...”
There were many things but it seemed better to skip the first and second. I didn’t feel the need to listen because I learned about it yesterday from my grandchildren. I picked the third one.
“Tell me how to fight.”
“Okay. I will get started now.”
Psyche once again waved her staff and the letters scattered while some weapons appeared in their place. Knives, spears, axes, hammers, bows, and other weapons hovered around me as Psyche spoke.
“From now on, the adventurer will be tested by the stars.”
“Tested by the stars?”
“It is one of the basic rituals that God Gaia prophesied in the beginning. Huhut.”
At the same time, strange monsters appeared one after another. What the hell was this...?
They were creatures with an elongated nose and a green body. They were waist height and I could see a name on top of them.
[Lv. 1 Goblin]
“Level 1? Are these guys one year old?”
I remembered what Jeongdo said yesterday. According to Jeongdo, these guys were around one year old. My grandson said that level was the same as age. Jeongdo meant they were those with the weakest power.
“This monster is a goblin. It is the first monster that novice adventurers encounter.”
I nodded lightly.
“From now on, the adventurer will deal with 100 of them.”
...What?
“Good luck!”
“No, what...”
Psyche vanished before I could speak. At the same time, I could see the goblins running toward me.
“Rushing here all of a sudden?”
I wished for Psyche to give me a reason but she was already out of view. I didn’t ask or question it and picked up a dagger from the weapons around me. It was pretty ridiculous to see these guys who were as tall as the middle schooler Jeongdo running over with weapons.
“Kyaaaack!”
“You!”
I lightly blocked the incoming attack with my arm and shoved the dagger into the goblin’s neck, then I turned around and kicked at another goblin’s head. In a flash, two goblins disappeared and I could see that each goblin had around 20 health. I could handle them in one or two blows.
...It reminded me of the old days?
Another goblin jumped from the side and I just turned around and blew it away with a kick. Two goblins ran in front of me. I stepped on the face of the one on the right and slammed into the one on the left. The fight with the 100 goblins continued. I didn’t use the knife apart from the first goblin. I was able to beat them with kicks. As a young man, I had dealt with these types of challenges countless times so this level felt like child's play.
Soon after the battle ended, I stretched my shoulders.
“I can relax my body after a long time. I feel both joy and sorrow!”
I rotated my ankles and my neck. Then I thumped my waist. The goblins in front of me were flying away as grey ash and I breathed in, feeling refreshed.
“U-Unbelievable.”
“Keke.”
“Are you really a novice adventurer?”
“Yes?”
“...”
Psyche’s mouth was wide open. She seemed a bit surprised. No, it wasn’t a bit. She was really surprised. “Amazing. This is the first time all of them have been killed in the trial. I wonder what star selection you will receive?”
“Star selection?”
“This is the fate of the stars.”
Psyche wielded her staff once more and a seven-colored rainbow appeared in front of me, creating a small shape.
...What the hell is that? At first glance, it was very suspicious.