Chapter Name: Chapter 4
Chapter Content:
“Box...?”
Anyone would see it as a box. The seven-colored light took the form of a square box. It floated carefully in the air while the blowing wind tickled my cheeks. I tried to approach the box, but Psyche called out to me, “Wait a moment, Adventurer.” 
“...?”
A gentle breeze suddenly blew, and the palm-sized Psyche was engulfed in colorful petals.
...What was this situation? Faced with this sudden situation, I couldn’t say anything. There was nothing I could do except watch her with an open mouth. Time passed, and the petals covering her scattered. I was forced to let out an exclamation of admiration, “Ah…!”
‘Beautiful’—it was only one word, but everything I wanted to express was implied with it. After becoming an adult, she was a woman in a white dress with fair skin. It seemed the only non-human features were her long and pointed ears. She looked like one of those Western goddesses.
“Come here, Adventurer.” 
“U-Understood,” I coughed a bit and unknowingly spoke with an honorific.
In fact, I couldn’t say anything else against her beauty. Well... it was true that she was beautiful.
I shook my head and apologized to my wife as I walked to the box.
“Open it.”
What the hell was this? I didn’t know what it was, but it seemed to be something huge. The aura she had was so great it was inevitable to think like this. By the way, was she actually a person...? She was completely different from before.
The box opened with creepy sound. The thing inside was completely out of my expectations.
“A mirror?”
No, it wasn’t a mirror. This...
“It is called Brightness. It is the bronze mirror made with the will of God Gaia.”
...I was right about it being a mirror.
[Who awakened me...?] A strange voice rang out suddenly, making my body tremble. It was a grotesque voice that seemed to be a mix of male and female voices. The hairs on my arm rose. I turned my head to the left and right, but no one was there. The only ones existing in this space were Psyche and me.
[Is it a new adventurer...?] The voice was coming from the bronze mirror I was holding. Realizing this, I was forced to tremble. What the hell...?
“That’s right, Guide Brightness. Open the Altar of the Stars.”
[I see. How many were defeated in the trial?]
“They were all defeated.”
[What…?!] The loud voice seemed to burst in my eardrums.
...Damn. What the hell was this damn guy?
[Adventurer, what is your name?]
A strange voice was asking for my name, and I was forced to answer. For some reason, I felt like I would be cursed if I didn’t answer. “Jackson.”
It used foul language from the first meeting, but... I supposed it didn’t matter since it wasn’t a person.
[It is a good name. Jackson, the adventurer who passed God Gaia’s test from the beginning—you are qualified to ascend to the Altar of the Seven Stars.]
...Altar of the Seven Stars? Was this a scam artist? It had the very questionable scent of a pseudo-religion.
At that moment, a brilliant light burst out.
“Um...!” My eyes were dazzled. It was like a brilliant light was piercing my body. It was so bright that I couldn’t even open my eyes. Some time passed, and when I opened my eyes, I could vaguely see in front of me. By the way...
“...?”
My eyes widened the moment I opened them. Seven light stars were floating in the air in front of me like they were showing off. I unknowingly gulped at the majestic appearance, staring blankly like a frightened rabbit.
“The Altar of the Seven Stars. Adventurers who have taken the test of the stars will be given a choice here.”
I still didn’t know what Psyche was talking about. What the hell was this...? She continued, “Once you place your hand on the crystal ball, you will be selected by one of the seven stars. It will be a compass for your journey in the future and the path you will walk forward on.”
Then I saw a crystal ball with a bright light floating in the air.
...She was talking about this.
“Each of the seven stars is a heavenly star of the adventurer and shows their potential.”
“Potential?”
“That’s right. The red star means pure courage.”
At this moment, the star on the far left flashed red and disappeared.
“The orange star means cold mercy.”
A second star flashed and disappeared.
“The yellow star means earnest hope.”
A sunflower-like yellow light was the third star.
“Green is poor love. Blue is a lonely friendship. Indigo means true wisdom, and purple means kind patience.”
The seven stars glowed with iridescent colors in front of me. I gulped when I saw them.
“Each star represents the king’s path that adventurers will walk on as they adventure here in Ark Land.
“The king’s path?”
“That’s right. For example, if you are selected by the red star of pure courage, you will start with 20 additional points in the strength stat. If it is true wisdom, you can get points in the knowledge stat. Every star will give the adventurer different stats, and it will have a big impact on the direction of the adventurer.”
“Then can I get two stats?”
“Of course. If you are chosen by the orange cold mercy, you can get 10 strength and 10 agility each. The star you are chosen by is up to Gaia’s will.”
...In the end, it sounded like luck. I touched my beard and asked, “Is this a privilege given only to those who pass the test of the stars?”
“That isn’t it. Every adventurer has different talents. Even if the trial isn’t overcome, each stat will be given in accordance with your heavenly star.”
“I see.”
“Depending on the nature of the stars, the adventurer’s class will also vary. Of course, it doesn’t matter if you choose a class that has nothing to do with it. Now, let’s take a look at your potential.”
What potential? I wanted them to give me sleep and money separately. Psyche waved her staff slightly and chanted a spell, then a shining light fell on me. The light moved me to the Altar of the Stars, and I was suddenly facing the ball.
“Raise your hand and listen to the divine message.”
Her words were swallowed up as sounds rang in my ears.
...I was nervous. My heartbeat grew increasingly louder and echoed in my ears.
Simultaneously, I heard the voice of the guide. [Let the divine message of the stars be received.]
There was a moment of silence, and I let out a harsh breath. I closed my eyes and waited silently with my heart beating in my ears. Time passed as I kept my eyes closed and raised my hand to the crystal ball.

[The Altar of the Stars is testing you.]

The moment I touched it, my entire body started to tremble. No, the world was shaking. The sudden pressure seemed to be crushing my body. It was a tremendous pressure that seemed to see all my sins and crush them.
“Kuock.”
I had no choice but to take my hand away. It was because of the energy that permeated every corner of my body. I got a headache as unknown pieces of memories were sifted through my head.
[Focus a bit more, Adventurer.]
...I was getting scolded for this? This rotten guy.
I let out small exhales, and Psyche approached me. No, wasn’t this the air...?
“Ah. You can fly.”
Purple wings were fluttering behind her back. She continued, “Is it hard?”
“Yes, it is harder than I thought.”
“If you want, I can use sleeping magic on you to make it a bit easier.”
“No, I will try it again.”
Taking another breath, I raised my hand to the crystal ball. I didn’t know why, but it felt like I had to do so. The voices of the stars in front of me seemed to be begging me to raise my hand to the ball once again. I gritted my teeth. 

[The Altar of the Stars is testing you.]

“Kuock...!”
Shit. It was pushing in. Once the memories of the stars entered, I felt pain and anguish as the history and information turned my head upside down. I opened my eyes as a wave of nausea hit me.
“...?”
This was the universe. It was a vast expanse of space. There were hundreds, thousands... hundreds of millions of stars. I stood alone among the echoes of the stars. Then I heard a voice.
[You’re finally here. I knew you would come.]
What...? I wanted to shout, but my voice didn’t emerge.
[My name is Gaia. To save me… no, the world. You are the only one I can believe in.]
The words were nonsense, but it didn’t matter. The voice was somewhat familiar. I had certainly heard this voice before. Who was it...? How did it...
The universe, the space—the entire world started to turn white.
[Please.]
“...Ah, no!”
The world in my flashing vision became bright. My scream echoed in my ears as I returned to the real... No, I returned to the virtual game with Psyche.
Tears were flowing down my face. Why was I so sad? The voice of the woman named Gaia unknowingly made me cry. I couldn’t tell what was going on, but I could hear a slight sobbing sound.
“Ahh...” Psyche’s eyes were wide as she looked shocked. She had an expression of excitement and joy like a three-year-old who was given candy. Her smile was as bright and beautiful as an angel’s as she covered her mouth with her delicate hands. By the way, why was she doing that?
Then another voice rang out, “Ohh... unbelievable!”
It was hard to tell if the owner of that voice was male or female. This was the voice of the unknown guide inside the mirror called Brightness. Their voice was also a bit shaky.
Why...?
The question was soon resolved.
“...?”
Dazzling...
I felt suffocated as I raised my head slightly in the warmth of the sun. Then I looked up in front of me.
“Eh...?”
All the stars were shining.