Chapter Name: Chapter 2
Chapter Content:
Two days passed. I was watching TV in the living room after my unmissable morning workout. It was one of the makjang dramas I had been watching lately and it was about a man getting a kimchi slap on the cheek. (Makjang = ridiculous/melodramatic dramas with over the top plots)
-Eek! Mother-in-law! Why hit me with kimchi?
“Tsk tsk, it is a slap. This guy.”
The swing was at the peak when, ding dong-! A noise was heard.
“Who is it?” My daughter-in-law looked at the screen on the intercom and questioned the guest who arrived.
-Your capsule delivery has arrived!
“Capsule?” She stood blankly with a bewildered look on her face. 
I felt that it was better to answer her questions. “It is something I ordered.”
“Huh...?”
“I’m going to try that Arkstar.”
“Oh my.”
My daughter-in-law’s eyes widened as she looked at me. She seemed quite surprised but I didn’t care. I walked straight to the door and opened it, revealing five to six men dressed in deep blue clothes. The man in front spoke, “Hello, I am from the Union Capsule Support Department. Are you Choi Chuntaek?”
“Yes. That’s me.”
“Can I check your permit?”
I quickly took my wallet out of my pocket and held out the ‘virtual reality game permit’ I had received two days earlier. He compared my face with the photo on the permit and replied, “Thank you. Where can I leave this?”
I looked back and saw the men holding a box that seemed to be more like a refrigerator than a capsule. I quickly pointed to a room.
“Please put it over there.”
“Understood!”
The men moved in an orderly manner. They moved like a team with a single heart and must’ve done this more than once or twice. Then my daughter appeared and thought it would be good to give something to those working with serious expressions.
“Eat this while working.”
“Thank you!”
...She was really quick to notice. It made me feel that I had no choice but to love my daughter-in-law. Kanghyun, this guy’s marriage was really good.
I told her, “You were one step faster. I was going to bring it out. Keke.”
“Hoho, Father is genuine. By the way, when did you get a permit?”
“I had a medical check-up two days ago and got it. In any case, at this age, I only have time left.”
I wasn’t proud about being unemployed, I was proud that I could enjoy this degree of luxury because I worked hard in my life. Was it one of the few prides I had left?
“Hoho. You’ve worked hard. Maybe you’ll have fun playing the game.”
“Really? It sounds like you’ve done it many times.”
"Yes, I tried it briefly when I went shopping with Mido. It was a place called a capsule room... I really lost track of time.”
“Really...?”
I can’t believe it. How fun was it that even my daughter-in-law was saying so?
“You will know when you try it later.”
At this moment, a man approached. “We have finished. How would you like to pay?”
“You’ve worked hard. Please use this.” I handed an old check card to him. It was around 20 years ago when it was first issued. It was the same card upon which I received my first salary and I had never discarded it. It was a precious thing for me.
“The payment is complete. As indicated on your permit, you get a 50% discount. The monthly fee will be discounted from 200,000 won to 100,000 won.”
I had forgotten that there was a 50% discount on the permit I received. “Thank you.”
“By the way, that capsule is only available to the elderly. The game has an elderly preferential service so it only opens with the permit.”
For a moment, it was like he was talking about something else. Fortunately, he explained it in detail. “If you look at the side of the capsule, you'll see where you can place your permit. You have to place the permit in there before the capsule will work. It won’t work if you don’t put it in. Thus, it is best not to lose your permit if possible.”
...This was what it meant. I turned my attention to the capsule where I saw a gap that looked like it was for my permit. It was like putting a card in an ATM machine. This was probably where the permit should be placed.
“Then I will leave first. There are more people who require installations. We hope you enjoy the game, Elder.”
They quickly left the house with light farewells. They seemed to be very busy. There weren’t many young people who were so sincere these days...
I subconsciously smiled at the sight of such a rare young man. Once they were gone, I approached the capsule and touched the cold surface. I was a bit dissatisfied with the appearance that was like a coffin made out of steel. Then I thought about how I could keep an eye on the tiger-like guys flirting with my granddaughter and my mouth curved. Now I could spend a bit more time with Mido...
This was when the sound of a shutter was heard.
Click!
“...Huh?”
I turned my head toward the sound and sure enough...
My daughter-in-law was taking a photo of me with my hand on the capsule with her phone’s camera.
“Father, smile. Smile~”
I reflexively showed off the teeth implants I received last year and smiled.
Click! Click!
My daughter-in-law was sending the photos somewhere. At the same time, there was a ‘Kkatok!’ sound from my phone. It was from an app that Mido had installed a few days ago. The name seemed to be something like ‘kakaotok’. (TL: Probably supposed to be KakaoTalk)
My granddaughter had told me it was the sound of a message so I entered the group chat room and my daughter-in-law’s photos were already there.
-Kim Mikyung: Father bought a capsule!
-Choi Mido: Wow, amazing! Grandpa is great ♡
-Choi Kanghyun: Haha, Father is so cheerful. Congratulations.
-Choi Jeongdo: Ah! Me too! Me too!!
-Choi Mido: Hey, Choi Jeongdo! Are you looking at your phone in class?
-Choi Jeongdo: That isn’t important right now. I want to play Arkstar too!
-Choi Mido: Wake up... It is your third year of high school next year ^^
I scanned the contents and couldn’t help laughing. Then I sent a picture of a white duck holding out his thumb and wrote, -Choi Chuntaek: ㄳㄳ!
I wanted to thank my granddaughter for teaching me this.

* * *

Time passed and it was evening. I wanted to connect to Arkstar straight away, but I couldn't. There were many things Mido wanted to teach me so she told me to wait. It was my granddaughter, so I watched TV and waited patiently until dinner, no matter how much I was dying to try it. Then finally...
Tik tik tik tik-! Diririring-! 
My granddaughter came home.
“I’m home!”
After all, my guess had never been wrong. I could hear the speed at which the password was pressed and could tell it was my granddaughter. I raised my hand coolly to Mido.
“Yo-!”
This was something Jeongdo had taught me. It was a trend among young people these days. It was hip-hop. Maybe...?
“Pfft, Grandpa, did you know that you are just so cute?”
Um, that’s what Jeongdo said too.
“I know.”
“Hahahat, my stomach is aching. By the way, where is Grandpa’s capsule?”
“It is in the room.”
I rose from my seat and took Mido to the capsule room. Mido’s eyes shone like lanterns as she gazed at the capsule in the corner. She stroked and touched the capsule like it was a young child.
“Wow...”
Mido kept staring at my private capsule. She was like a baby bird staring at an earthworm.
...I would have to inquire about one later for Mido.
“Is this where you put the permit?”
“Yes. I have to place the permit in there before the capsule will work.”
“How strange. It is a bit different from the capsules I normally see in the capsule room.”
“Really?”
“It looks a bit more comfortable. The cushions inside seem to be better and I think the best thing is that you can lie down. The other capsules are ones enjoyed by sitting.”
It was the first time I heard of this. If I had received a regular capsule, I probably wouldn’t have enjoyed it much because I would have to sit for a long time. At such times, I thought it was good to be old. I could also get discounts and the preferential route.
“Is it our daughter?”
“Mom~!”
My daughter-in-law had been washing the dishes and she came running over with rubber gloves on. Mido ran lovingly and embraced her mother. She was a child who wouldn’t hurt me even if I put her in my eyes. Ah, it would hurt a bit if she were actually put in my eyes...?
Tik tik tik tik-! Diririring-! 
The moment the door opened, the house became louder. Therefore, I thought it was that guy.
“Capsule! Capsule! Where is it?”
...As expected, he was my grandson. My grandson... looked for the capsule as soon as he came in.
At the same time, my daughter-in-law’s nagging began. “Jeongdo, what about your self-study?”
“Haha… I couldn’t concentrate when there is a capsule sitting at home.”
“Son, is that so? What should I do if you skip your self-study?”
“Hey, Choi Jeongdo. Aren’t you going to study?”
Slap!
“Ack! Noona, why do you keep hitting my back? Can you scratch the centre... ouch...”
Jeongdo was distracted by Mido’s strong hands that were busy trying to claw his back.
I laughed at the sight. These brats. I was fortunate. If it weren’t for Mido, my joy would’ve flown away.
After a while, everyone except for Kanghyun sat at the table. He said he would be late because of an appointment today, so he wasn’t present. Today’s menu was steamed chicken. It was my daughter-in-law's favorite dish.
“I'll eat well!” I gave vigorous thanks and started to inhale the steamed chicken.
“Um, delicious.” 
For a moment, I had a thought. I didn’t know if the taste entered through my nose or my mouth but I thought it was so delicious I could really eat it with my nose. It was hard to believe but it was true. Don’t believe it? Next time, I will really try it with my nose...?
The stormy mealtime passed and me and my two grandchildren sat next to each other on the couch, watching a broadcast related to Arkstar. Just now, Mido and Jeongdo had given me a rough explanation when eating so there were many things I recognized. For example, things like health, magic power, and level. I didn’t know much yet but I was still having fun.
-Uwaaaaahhhhh!
Based on the loud roar, it was the siege war that we talked about earlier. All sorts of troops clashed, huge fireballs and ice flew and people were shoving, stabbing, burning, and freezing each other’s bodies. I turned my head because I was worried about Mido seeing this sensational appearance but I guess it was for nothing.
Mido’s eyes were like shining lanterns as she stared at the handsome Korean guy running ahead. “Kyah ♡ It’s Kim Hyeonu oppa.”
“...Who is that person?” I immediately asked Jeongdo about the identity of this dandy-like guy.
“Kim Hyeonu is a high-ranking player in South Korea.”
“Ranking...?”
“It is like the hierarchy. He is within the top 100 in the country. That person.”
“That’s why Mido likes him so much...?”
“Yes, well... isn’t he handsome?”
I turned my head back to the TV. He plummeted toward the ground with a brilliant silver sword and flames flew, damaging many soldiers. Mido emitted hearts from her eyes when she saw it. I looked at the screen and vowed.
...Kim Hyeonu, death penalty.
Then another user appeared. I noticed he was a bit more macho than the guy before. His combed bangs made him look cool. He seemed to be good at punching and was probably followed by many women. Then...
“Kyak ♡ Taejun oppa came out as well.”
...Death penalty.
The screen changed. This time, a silver-haired man summoned a giant bow of light and shot arrows of light toward his enemies like a storm. The name of this guy introduced on the TV was Eun Jeonghyeok. He was aware of the camera and spoke some cool lines.
-You are already dead.
...Stop talking nonsense. Along with the cheesy words, arrows of light rained from the sky and started to fill the battlefield. The screams of the dying soldiers also grew louder.
“Kyak ♡!”
Yes, you're already dead.
On this day, my head was filled with killing intent.