Chapter Name: Chapter 2. I Still Want to Shoot (2)
Chapter Content:
‘Skill streams.’ Sang-Hyeon didn’t know, but a market for them existed. Actually, there were more skilled streamers than bad ones.
“Bubblegum.”
The streamer he enjoyed watching just notoriously sucked at games.
‘Huh, so Bubblegum’s broadcasts were for people who didn’t play games.’
Sang-Hyeon discovered that the algorithm recommended him these videos because he didn’t play games either. Most who watched skill streams were avid gamers who wanted to improve their own skills.
‘I can’t believe they’re studying just to play games.’
Sang-Hyeon realized he’d been looking down on gamers. This world was just like sports. You had to hone your skills and others would judge you based on that. Almost nothing happened because of luck. They competed with skill versus skill. A true battle and competition!
“This is nice,” Sang-Hyeon muttered as he sipped some water.
He admired such a lifestyle from a young age. Fairly competing with ability alone and rising step by step while improving yourself.
However, society functioned opposite to these rules. Luck determined around 30% of everything and human relations held more significance than competence. Even Sang-Hyeon had been a nepo hire.
One’s administrative ability might not even be considered after taking a look at their school alumni and regional connections. The real world preferred good looks over being good at work. In short, society had too many variables.
“Let’s do it.”
Sang-Hyeon thought he could do well in this world of gamers.
***
Two days passed after Sang-Hyeon’s resignation.
“Have you gone mad!” A colleague shouted at him inside the company cafe.
Kim Ju-Hyeok was the only colleague at work Sang-Hyeon could confide in.
Ju-Hyeok lived the opposite of Sang-Hyeon’s life. He grew up in an affluent household, went to a prestigious college, obtained a degree from a well-known graduate school in the United States, and found a job at a famous corporation. He was an elite of the elites.
“You think I’m crazy?”
Sang-Hyeon thought about reconsidering if Ju-Hyeok opposed it so much.
“Y-You think you’re sane?”
“Why not? I’m really good.”
“You said you’ve never played games before.”
“Yeah.”
“Ha.”
Ju-Hyeok tried to make the most dumbfounded expression he could.
“You idiot! So you’re going to use the money you’ve been saving for your apartment deposit and buy a capsule?”
He spoke so loud that the nearby employees looked at them.
“I… also have that severance pay, okay? Lower your voice.”
“How much severance pay could a fired section chief get?”
“I was fired because of restructuring, so it’s a bit different.”
“Haa.”
Ju-Hyeok grabbed his own head out of frustration.
Sang-Hyeon spoke a bit roughly, but he was brighter than most who graduated from nice colleges.
‘His problem is that he pulls shit like this once in a while.’
Sometimes, Sang-Hyeon’s cleverness became insanity like now when he said he would spend all his savings on a capsule. Then he said he would eat from the employee’s cafeteria on the weekdays and cup ramyeon on the weekends.
“Dude, just go to fucking Las Vegas or something. You’ll probably be better off.”
“I'm bad at card games though.”
“It’s just a figure of speech. A. Figure. Of. Speech!”
‘Ugh, this frustrating punk.’ Ju-Hyeok thought to himself that all geniuses had a loose screw somewhere.
“How long have you rested from archery?”
“Mmm…”
“You don’t even remember, do you?”
“Mmm…”
“And you’re suddenly going to shoot again? In a game, at that? Spending all your savings? You idiot. Try living normally for once.”
“Mmm…”
Sang-Hyeon’s face didn’t change at all.
‘This punk’s not even listening.’ As always, Sang-Hyeon tuned out when he lost interest. He excelled at letting words go in one ear and out the other when someone nagged him.
“Haa. How much did you say it costs?”
“Forty million won!”
‘He answered that fucking quick.’ Ju-Hyeok restrained himself from saying something. Sang-Hyeon wouldn’t listen anyways.
“So the capsule alone is forty, the electricity bill to keep it running will be no joke, and don’t you need some other weird equipment?”
“Mmm… I don’t know yet. The capsule will probably be enough, don’t you think? I mean, it costs forty million.”
“It costs money to add options to a 150 million won car too, moron.”
“Ugh, you’re right.”
‘The elite sure are different,’ Sang-Hyeon thought to himself. He learned a lot just talking to Ju-Hyeok.
“Wait until I get off, okay? Don’t buy it yet. I’ll contact people I know and look for places that sell it cheaper.”
“Nice! Thanks!”
“Stay here. I’m clocking out on the dot today.”
With that, Ju-Hyeok quickly headed to the elevator.
Sang-Hyeon had gotten into that elevator with him just the day before yesterday with a cup of coffee. He felt bittersweet looking at Ju-Hyeok’s back.
‘Forget it, Sang-Hyeon.’ This bitterness would lead to a new beginning.
***
Sang-Hyeon sat in the cafe with his laptop at five in the afternoon. He lazily searched for the current prices of capsules and flipped through stock charts while wondering how to use his severance pay.
“Why does it feel like I’m more afraid than you?”
“Hey, you’re here?”
Sang-Hyeon hung his neck back like a bat to look at Ju-Hyeok.
“Don’t people usually turn sideways?”
“Oh, do they?”
Sang-Hyeon turned around with his neck still bent like a bat looking sideways now.
“You’re a fucking interesting guy, huh. Anyways, let's go.”
“Where? Did you find one?”
“Just follow me.”
Ju-Hyeok confidently led the way while adjusting his suit jacket. Sang-Hyeon looked forward to what connections Ju-Hyeok pulled to get a cheap capsule. ‘Will they discount me around 15 million won?’
***
“Huh?”
“What do you mean, huh?”
“This is a capsule room.”
“Yeah, shut up and follow me.”
“But I want to buy a capsule, not use one.”
Ju-Hyeok dragged him along when they heard a friendly voice welcome them.
“Hey, Ju-Hyeok. The guy next to you is that friend?”
“Oh, hyung. Long time no see.”
“N-Nice to meet you.”
Sang-Hyeon read the situation and bowed to Ju-Hyeok’s friend.
“Was it Sang-Hyeon?”
A man who looked like he ran an interrogation room instead of a capsule room approached with one hand out. Sang-Hyeon shook his hand and nodded.
“Yes, I’m Yu Sang-Hyeon.”
“Nice to meet you. I’m Lee Kang-Seok, the owner of this place.”
“Oh, I see.”
“Follow me. You said it’s your first time with capsules, right?”
“Yes.”
“Then you shouldn’t buy one yet.”
‘Is he trying to convince me not to?’ Sang-Hyeon spun around to glare at Ju-Hyeok, who simply waved with a smile.
Sang-Hyeon only followed the owner inside to save Ju-Hyeok some face.
“All right, let’s head in.”
“…?”
“This is where we register your physical information.”
“Ah.”
“I heard it’s your first time registering.”
“Yes.”
“I’ll close the door soon, so please wait as the computer guides you in your underwear.”
Thud. Sang-Hyeon became trapped in what looked like a spaceship’s escape port.
***
The other two individuals spoke to each other with Sang-Hyeon trapped inside.
“Hyung, you said you had some secondhand capsules, right?”
“Yeah, I can sell them for around 15 million each. If that’s too much, I have a couple for 10 million.”
“Wow, thanks.”
“It’s nothing. That’s just their price. Tsk… I wanted to convince him not to.”
“You too?”
“Yeah, occasionally some people like that come in. They want to buy secondhand capsules as if they’re possessed. You know how games bring in cash these days. They think they’ll quickly get rich if they’re good or become a famous streamer.”
“Damn, there are actually naive people like him?”
“Do you think everyone in the world is as smart as you? The world is filled with idiots. Oh, I’m not saying your friend is one.”
“He is.”
The good-natured owner chuckled and stood up. Sang-Hyeon’s physical scan should be finished. They continued speaking while heading to the room.
“Oh, and there’s one more thing people are mistaken about.”
“What’s that?”
“That they’ll be good at what they did outside when they’re in the game. It doesn’t work like that. Unlike in the past, games have no physical limits. It’s solely a battle of wits. Being good at soccer in real life and playing well inside a game is totally different.”
“Even in Full Dive?”
“Yeah, you can’t make up for your lacking skills with physical prowess inside the game. There aren’t any physical distinctions anymore.”
“Oh…”
“Your friend might give up if I test him with a light game called Real Olympics. Be sure to comfort him. I feel bad for his situation.”
“Got it.”
Ju-Hyeok became worried. ‘Are games that different from reality?’ He played virtual reality games before, but it didn’t feel too different because he had a normal physique. People often played better in games than in reality.
Professional athletes probably experienced the opposite since they couldn’t use their superior physique in games.
‘It’s for the best. He’ll still have his savings.’ Ju-Hyeok already thought about how to comfort Sang-Hyeon. It would be better not to buy a capsule.
— Scan complete. 
Sang-Hyeon stepped out of the scanning room and entered the capsule at the front.
“Now, let’s test it out.”
The owner began explaining the game to Sang-Hyeon.
“You said you used to do archery, so the test will probably be easy. It’s a game called Real Olympics. I set it to archery.”
“Ah, thank you.”
“I’m closing the door now. Try to get a high score. And…”
‘Rethink buying a capsule.’ The owner didn’t finish saying those last words. Sang-Hyeon would probably realize it himself.
Thud. The capsule door closed. The owner turned on a monitor to watch with Ju-Hyeok.
Woooohooo! The Olympics’ exciting atmosphere filled the screen. Sang-Hyeon stood there in a white uniform that looked strangely good on him.
Keeek.
He pulled the arrow back without hesitation as if he had done this every day for years.