Chapter Name: Chapter 10. Who is Acorn Jelly? (2)
Chapter Content:
Acorn Jelly’s streams attracted an average amount of viewers, but his revenue probably placed him in the top percentage. His ratio of viewers and profits drastically varied because he only played niche video games with loyal fanbases.
“He plays a lot of different games too.”
Sang-Hyeon mumbled to himself while scrolling through Acorn Jelly’s description.
“He streams a variety of games like BubbleGum.”
Sang-Hyeon also aspired to become a multi-game streamer. It made sense from a business standpoint. The trends wouldn’t sway him and it allowed him to play a variety of games.
Of course, only some streamers had the luxury of being one. They either had to excel at all games or be great streamers.
‘I know what my advantage is.’
Sang-Hyeon didn’t know if he had a streamer’s capabilities, but he knew his focus and desire to compete couldn’t be matched.
“What should I respond with?”
He reread the message after organizing his thoughts.
[Hi Almond, I’m a streamer that goes by the name Acorn Jelly. I’ve been playing Kingdom Age as well these days. I’m pretty good at video games, but I fell in love as soon as I saw your plays. Don’t worry though because I like women.
Anyways, I’m reaching out to see if you’d like to collaborate on some content. You could teach me some techniques or I could assess your gameplay.
I would like to discuss further details in person or we could virtually chat.
Please feel free to reach out if you have any questions.]
Acorn Jelly encouraged him to reach out, but he couldn’t help it.
“Ah… I’m not good at these things.”
Sang-Hyeon hesitated. Collaboration streams might be a double-edged sword if others saw him as leeching off big streamers.
“One mistake is all it takes.”
Sang-Hyeon had zero social skills despite his corporate work experience. He could hardly make any friends no matter how much he socialized. Fortunately, no one threw any stones at him.
However, he did manage to befriend someone great.
Bzzt— 
A familiar name popped up on his phone.
[Kim Ju-Hyeok]
Sang-Hyeon didn’t know why he called, but answered anyways.
“Hey, what’s up?”
“Yo, I searched up your stream. You’re Almond, right?”
“Yeah.”
“Damn bro, people seem to like you.”
“Yeah, I agree.”
“Do you normally get this big in two days? Why does it seem like I’m more excited?”
“Being calm is a necessity for archery. And I’ve been a genius since a young age, so I’m used to this.”
“Sigh…”
A muffled curse could be heard through the phone.
“Hey, you know what happened today?”
“What happened?”
“I got in a huge fight with the director.”
“?!”
Sang-Hyeon became speechless. Of all people, he couldn’t believe Ju-Hyeok fought with the director.
Ju-Hyeok said that he only got so far because of his ability to hold things in. He didn’t seem like the type to clash with others.
“Seems like it wasn’t a small fight from your voice. Sounds like you’ve made up your mind about something.”
Sang-Hyeon had a bad feeling from Ju-Hyeok’s tone. Actually, it might be a good feeling.
“Yeah, it was chaos, man. I should’ve thrown an ashtray or something at him when I stormed out.”
“Did you quit?”
“Fuck yeah. HAHAHA!”
The phone erupted so loud that Sang-Hyeon almost dropped it.
“What’s your plan now?”
“The plan? I have to find a new job.”
“Ah.”
‘Ah… right.’
Sang-Hyeon relaxed a little when he realized they lived completely different lives.
Ju-Hyeok could work at any company he wanted with his experience and education. He probably already had another offer waiting for him. His work performance reflected his elite status, so he should have no problems finding a new job.
Knowing this, Sang-Hyeon hesitated about what to say.
‘Should I ask him or not…’
Even he thought it sounded wild.
‘Become my manager!’
It sounded insane the more he thought about it. Sang-Hyeon would be asking him to join a company with only 100,000 won in earnings.
However, what Ju-Hyeok said next eased his doubts.
“Hey, I’m thinking about taking a break. Let me know if there’s anything I can help with. It’s better than nothing.”
“What?”
“Don’t you need a manager or something?”
‘What did he just say?’ Sang-Hyeon couldn’t believe what he heard.
“It’d be nice to have one, but… you know I’m still a nobody, right?”
“Of course, I know you’re a nobody. But…”
“...”
“Remember when you came out of the capsule crying?”
“Stop! Don’t bring that up!”
“Ah, no, it’s not that. It made me think after seeing you like that.”
“...?”
“You really must’ve loved archery. I’ve never done anything I loved.”
“You think you’d love being a manager?”
“I don’t know, but it’s probably more exciting than climbing the corporate ladder. You know how boring this industry is.”
“You’re right.”
“Someone like me can rest for a year with no problems. I’ll work you like an evil entertainment CEO if this works out, so don’t worry.”
Sang-Hyeon’s hands began trembling.
‘Is this really happening?’
Ju-Hyeok seemed to be throwing him a bone here. A year off meant a lot even if Ju-Hyeok could easily find another job. Worst case, he could’ve spent that time looking for a girlfriend. However, he chose to invest in Sang-Hyeon. Ju-Hyeok could easily fetch a 50 million won salary with his abilities.
“Um…”
Sang-Hyeon felt bad and couldn’t accept it right away. Ju-Hyeok sensed that and joked with him.
“I’ll try and make you big. What do you think?”
“Pfft.”
Sang-Hyeon couldn’t help but laugh. This would sound like crazy talk to anyone else.
Ju-Hyeok was an incredible guy, but he had no experience as a manager or even in management. Despite that, the offer still enticed Sang-Hyeon.
The streamer and manager succeeded after leaving their big corporate jobs with nothing to lose. It would make an incredible story.
“Who’s going to raise who? I’ll make you rich, so hand in that resignation now!”
The phone erupted with laughter.
“Did you just imitate our manager?”
“Assistant Kim, there’s something you must do right away.”
“What is it?”
Sang-Hyeon explained the message he received yesterday.
“A tier 1 streamer wants to collaborate already? I knew I picked a good streamer.”
Ju-Hyeok seemed excited about the offer.
“Do you think it’ll be alright?”
“Are you kidding me? We have nothing to lose.”
“You think so? I’m not good at socializing though.”
“That’s true. Just do it for free and show them what you’ve got. It’ll give you a good image if the collab stream goes well. Better than doing nothing.”
“Yeah, yeah.”
Sang-Hyeon found himself nodding to Ju-Hyeok’s words.
Ju-Hyeok had a point. They had nothing to lose with this collab. Sang-Hyeon didn’t even need to try and look good. His skills would be enough for the viewers.
“Hey, I have another good idea. I’ll tell you about it in person tomorrow. I’ll message you where to meet. I gotta go.”
“Okie dokie.”
Beep— 
Sang-Hyeon finally caught his breath after hanging up.
“Seems like things are working out perfectly.”
He acquired a top 0.1% worker as his manager and also received an offer from a tier 1 streamer.
It went like the saying about the path to success: The world moves quicker than ever before. Sang-Hyeon might already be on the train to success and had nothing else on his mind. The worries from quitting his job have long disappeared already.
He only needed almonds and milk to energize him. His eyes always perked open in the morning. The thought of streaming tomorrow and the day after pumped his heart with excitement.
Munch munch… 
He stuffed his mouth with more almonds and typed away.
[Hi Acorn Jelly, this is Almond.]
***
Acorn Jelly fixed his hair while checking the time.
“Hm.”
He came way too early.
“Oppa, is it really okay to meet small-timers like this?”
His manager didn’t feel happy about coming thirty minutes early.
“Hey, I’m seeing him for his potential. No one’s a superstar in the beginning.”
“Yeah, right. Last time you got into shit because of that scandal with a small-time streamer girl.”
“Hey, shush. He’s a guy. I’m a guy. And you’re… my manager!”
Acorn Jelly silenced his manager by speaking louder.
“Look, my intuition is never wrong. This guy’s mechanics are already the best in the country. I have to discover and get close to these upcoming streamers, so I can benefit too.”
“Sigh, but being good at games isn’t enough in this industry. They also need to look decent if we’re doing a collab. I bet you don’t even know what he looks like in real life.”
“Hmm…”
Acorn Jelly couldn’t respond because players usually looked different from their character models. Almond hadn’t revealed his face yet.
“These kinds of losers only play video games and don’t even know how to talk. They probably don’t even take care of themselves…”
The manager looked somewhere else in the middle of her sentence.
Two men wearing neat suits walked into the cafe. They looked well-fitted like professional businessmen from upper society with their straight postures and trimmed hairstyles.
“Woah, so my type. I wish he’d look like them…”
The two smiled as if they heard and faced Acorn Jelly.
“Uh, why… are they walking this way?”
The two men approached them and reached out.
“Acorn Jelly, right?”
“Yes… Are you…”
“Hello. I’m Yu Sang-Hyeon, aka Almond.”