Chapter Name: Chapter 4: Star, Regress (2)
Chapter Content:
Although Dungeons were catastrophic disasters to humans, they were also lands of opportunity.
It was not so different for Celestials, either. They tested human potential through the Quests given by Dungeons. Then, they picked out priests or clerics who would spread their gospel as the occasion demanded. From time to time, they were even able to select an apostle to execute their will directly. Thus, many people in need of Celestials entered Dungeons, only to die beneath their apathetic gazes.
As Celestials were beings that arrogantly watched over worlds and universes, most mere mortals' performances were insufficient to pique their interest. Only a small minority of people who were born with luck and fortune could meet that standard. However, there was also another way to attract their attention.
‘Show overwhelming talent from the beginning.’
Chang-Sun was sure that was how he looked to the Celestials who were watching him with interested gazes. They could never have imagined that the ‘Divine Twilight’ who had threatened their very lives would appear before them as a drunk. Although deities could see a soul's traits and characteristics, rather than mere appearance that was easy to change, the current Chang-Sun would still look completely different from 'Divine Twilight'.
Chang-Sun stood still and stared silently at the message filling his sight.
'A Good Season to Hunt', huh?
She was not so bad, considering she was the first deity to show interest in him.
‘No, technically it's a jackpot.’
Her real name was Pabilsag[1]. She was known to utilize various tools such as a sword, a spear, a bow, and her fists while hunting. She was famous for being a warring deity, as well.
The reason Chang-Sun considered her a ‘jackpot’ was because her mother was Tiamat, the 'Primordial Evil Dragon'. Why would such a great figure show interest in Chang-Sun from the beginning?
'She must have liked my dagger skill quite a lot.'
Daggers were the most basic weapon when it came to hunting. For the time being, the deity had probably approached Chang-Sun purely for entertainment. As she was temperamental, she would tire of him quickly if he failed to meet her expectations. Of course, Chang-Sun was sure that would not happen to him.

[The Celestial 'A Good Season to Hunt' is curious about your hunting skill.]

'I’ll meet your expectations.'
From that moment forward, Chang-Sun would become a perfect jester for the Celestials.
* * *
'This forest has too much poisonous air overall. Most of the monsters in it are probably toxic as well. Then… Shall I go with plan C?''
Chang-Sun had several detailed basic plans of action after falling into an Instance Sungeon, depending on its type and difficulty.
In this Dungeon, he was going to be a serpent hunter―a hunter who specialized in snakes.
Hisss―
Hiss! Hissss!
The deeper Chang-Sun went into the forest, the more Black Mambas fell from the branches. The situation was so dire that ordinary people would panic. For Chang-Sun, however, the snakes were just experience points wrapped up in pretty little packages.
Slash, slash―

[Lesser Dagger Proficiency]
Enables beginners to freely control daggers.
· Skill Level: 1
· Type: Passive. Basic.
· Effect: Acquire proficiency.

Chang-Sun was undoubtedly using a basic skill that was given to novices who had just entered a Dungeon. On top of that, the weapon in his hands was so rusty that some would wonder if it was even capable of cutting anything; it was a dagger of very poor quality, meant for beginners.
Despite that, every time he slashed with the dagger, the mutilated carcasses of Black Mambas rained down from above.

[Successfully eliminated a 'Black Mamba' using the Skill ‘Lesser Dagger Proficiency’.]
[Earned experience points!]
[Successfully eliminated a 'Black Mamba' using the Skill ‘Lesser Dagger Proficiency’.]
[Earned experience points!]
[Level up!]
[Level up!]

Levels and stats steadily piled up.

[Your senses are becoming heightened!]
[You have entered a battle frenzy, focusing all your energy on your weapon!]
…
[The 'Black Mambas' that dominated the first sector of the 'Forest of Firewielders' are being eliminated at lightning speed!]
[The 'Black Mambas' have developed an instinctive sense of their natural enemy.]
[You have successfully made the 'Black Mambas' live in fear!]
['Title: Black Mamba Butcherer' has been created!]

[Black Mamba Butcherer]
A title given to a hunter who has killed over 100 Black Mambas.
· Type: Title.
· Effect: Strength +5. Causes fear in serpent-type creatures.

'Yes, this is it.’
Kill, kill, and kill again.
Slash, slash, and slash again.
Although it was difficult to catch his breath, Chang-Sun shivered with excitement at the freedom he had not felt for a long while.
This thrill, this ecstasy… Such feelings could not be felt outside the battlefield.
When he first arrived in Arcadia, this sensation had terrified him; on the other hand, it had also made every experience incredibly fun.
‘After I was put on trial and all my abilities were restrained, even my freedom was taken away.’ 
They had locked him up just because he was a war-loving fanatic. They had suppressed him, saying he would harm the world.
However, Chang-Sun knew all those reasons were just cowardly excuses for the Celestials. Even though he had had no intention of doing so, they had been afraid that a wastrel of mortal birth would stand above them.
And so…
‘I’ll make their fears come true.’
Swoosh, slash―
Pah, pah!

[The Skill ‘Lesser Dagger Proficiency’ has reached its maximum level. A higher-level skill has been created.]
[The Skill ‘Intermediate Dagger Proficiency’ has been created!]
[The Celestial ‘A Good Season to Hunt’ marvels at your supreme knife fighting skills!]

‘Don’t get so shocked so soon.’
Chang-Sun did not stop there.

[Your stamina is depleted!]
[You have fallen into the ‘Exhausted’ state. Please locate a secure area and take a rest.]
[The ‘Authority: Soul Exploitation’ has been activated!]
[You have lit the fire in the Purgatory Brazier, successfully acquiring the ashes of a ‘Black Mamba’.]
[5% of your stamina has been regained.]
[Your ‘Exhausted’ state has been canceled.]

As expected of an alcoholic’s feeble body, Chang-Sun’s stamina drained out very quickly. Each time it did, Chang-Sun unsparingly used the gift Thanatos had thrown at him. Black haze billowed from the carcasses of several Black Mambas, and Chang-Sun absorbed every trace of it. Simultaneously, his fatigue vanished as if it had been washed away.

[The Celestial ‘A Good Season to Hunt’ tilts her head in confusion, because she is unable to find out the category of your talent.]

‘A Good Season to Hunt’ continued to respond with confusion each time Chang-Sun repeated the process. No one would think that a novice who had freshly entered a Dungeon had received the King of the Underworld’s blessing; she seemed to assume Chang-Sun’s ability was a <Talent> or <Trait> of the source that Players acquired when they first awakened.
‘On the surface, it resembles something from the Energy Drain category. From another perspective, though, it would seem to have Darkness or Death-like traits.’
By human standards, Celestials looked omnipotent. However, the reality of the situation was different, and Chang-Sun was very well aware of that fact.
‘The restrictions imposed by causality are too immense. It’s difficult for Celestials to take a close look at Players’ data, unless they’re Zodiacs or part of the Three Enclosures and Twenty-Eight Mansions.’ 
Of course, a way to sneak a peek at Player data did exist. If Celestials paid a sufficient price or put up with the side-effects in the society they were affiliated with, it would be possible.
‘Going through all that to read a novice’s data, though? That’s insane. ’
Despite that, Chang-Sun did not worry about any such attempts being made on him. The protection cast on him by the Underworld was just that solid.
‘Otherwise, my divine name would have been caught already…’
Slash―
Squirt!
Just then, a Black Mamba’s head flew into the air once again. It was the very last one. Blood gushed across the ground; it was green due to being mixed with strong acid.
Pzzz―
Black haze once again billowed up from of the carcasses, indicating that [Soul Exploitation] had been activated.

[Successfully killed the last ‘Black Mamba’.]
[Level up!]

[Achievement unlocked!]
“A Serpent Hunter Who Has Caught 444 Black Mambas.”
Reward: Strength +5. Effect: Lesser Toxin Resistance.

Ding!
Ding!
Listening to the ever-pleasant notification sounds, Chang-Sun expanded his status window.
“Open system window.”

[Lee Chang-Sun]
Divine Name: Divine Twilight (Unusable)
Title: Black Mamba Butcherer
Faction: Underworld

Level: 6
Strength: 14.2 (+10)
Agility: 16.2 (+10)
Stamina: 13.9 (+10)
Mana: 0 (+10)

Acquired Skills:
Intermediate Dagger Proficiency Lv. 3

Acquired Effects:
Lesser Toxin Resistance Lv.1 (New!)

Acquired Authorities:
Soul Exploitation Lv.1
Execution Sword Lv.1

Special note: One deity is currently curious about you. You may win the deity’s favor if you display an even greater performance.
Additional Stats: 35

‘Levels, stats, skills… Everything is constantly rising. Pabilsag’s level of interest went up from ‘Interested’ to ‘Curious’. Very good.’
Chang-Sun had saved up the additional five stat points that were given every time he leveled up. He had planned to use them to resolve unexpected situations.
And yet, the thing that caught his eye the most was the Magic stat. Previously, the stat had been listed as zero, but by unlocking an achievement, he had received an extra five points.
‘With magic, I’ll be able to start using skills to their full potential. That, and being able to imbue a weapon with magic will make a big difference.’
Until then, he had overtaxed his body to purify it from the stench of alcohol, but now, he could use magic. Thus, it no longer seemed necessary to do so himself anymore. Additionally, it seemed possible for him to level up at a faster rate.
‘I took out the Black Mambas. Now, the next ones are… the Red Mambas and the Bloody Mamba, right?’
Black Mambas carried deadly poison that could end a human’s life with just one bite in under five minutes. However, Red Mambas had even stronger poison than Black Mambas. Just smelling it was enough to be poisoned by it.
‘Although they’re at a low level, I have poison resistance and magic. That should make it easier to endure.’
That was the reason Chang-Sun had checked the status window without obstinately marching further in.
‘No matter what happens, I have to catch the Bloody Mamba.’
The Bloody Mamba was classified as a boss monster that ruled over Mamba-type monsters. It was ridiculous for a novice who was not even at level 10 to go after it; and yet, Chang-Sun planned to catch it via solo raiding[2].
It was a very good opportunity to attract the attention of deities. He also needed the carcass, which could be used as an ingredient in various artifacts.
Above all else, however…
‘The Bloody Mamba’s Poisonous Fang… It’s essential for taking a shortcut to achieve the [Impervious Body].’
Though ‘Divine Twilight’ had been outnumbered in the war, the reason he had lost was that curses and poison had incapacitated him, rendering him helpless.
‘Gaia’s Curse… I need the Poisonous Fang to beat it.’
After organizing his thoughts, Chang-Sun was about to move to the next sector. However…
Thwack!
Bzzz―
‘Huh?’
[The durability of the ‘Beginner’s Rusty Dagger' has reached zero. It has been destroyed!]

The dagger in Chang-Sun’s hand crumbled, scattering into a cloud of dust.
‘Well, it was amazing that this dagger could hold out for so long…’
In truth, he was lucky that the dagger had not broken apart during the battle.
Chang-Sun was about to open his inventory and search for any dropped items he could use as a substitute when suddenly, he sensed something fall from the sky. He raised his head.

[The Celestial ‘A Good Season to Hunt’ sends you a gift for amusing her!]

‘What?’
Whirl! Pa!
A dagger with a slightly curved blade fell right at Chang-Sun’s feet. The blade alone was 18 inches[3] long. From the look of its sturdy material and handle, it was definitely not a weapon meant for a beginner.
The moment he saw the seal in the center of the blade, Chang-Sun’s eyes shone keenly.
‘The seal of Taotie…? That means this weapon came from Tiamat. Why is she suddenly giving me this as a present?’
Chang-Sun knew all too well that there was no such thing as a free lunch, especially when the favor came from the daughter of the ‘Primordial Evil Dragon’.
Sure enough, it was as he expected.

[The Celestial ‘A Good Season to Hunt’ offers you a bet using the gift as a wager!]

[‘A Good Season to Hunt’ will kill you for the sin of wasting her time if you lose the bet.]
1. Pabilsag is a Mesopotamian god who is normally male, but in this novel, she is female. ☜
2. A gaming term that refers to fighting ‘raid bosses’, bosses that are designed for large parties to fight, as a solo player. This is very difficult and only possible in some games. ☜
3. Approximately 46 centimeters ☜