Chapter Name: Chapter 6: Star, Regress (4)
Chapter Content:
Chang-Sun could not help but laugh dryly at the situation.
'The only reason I suggested a bet was to get the Berserker class, but there’s no Berserker on the list? What the…?!'’
Chang-Sun had no idea where he had made a mistake. Considering his attack-focused fighting style and the achievement he had gained from quickly eliminating monsters, he had really thought the Berserker class would be guaranteed.
However, he could not lose his focus just because something unexpected had come up. Even now, the time he had left was decreasing quickly.

[00:05:56:21]
[00:05:56:20]
…

[The Celestial 'A Good Season to Hunt' has posed a question as to how you will finish the bet within the remaining time.]
[Three Celestials who have not revealed their names are curious about your future decisions.]

‘I have no choice then.’
Scrolling down the list quickly, Chang-Sun took a look at the last choice.
‘Among these classes, this is the one that can display the greatest destructive power.’

30. Rune Master (Secret!)

It was clear that Pabilsag and the other three deities who were now watching Chang-Sun would all tilt their heads in confusion.
It was true that Rune Master was a secret class; however, it was more of a supporter-type class, not an attacker.

[Rune Master]
The way Rune Masters passed down their knowledge was a mystery. In the present, very few people were knowledgeable about ancient rune magic. However, Chang-Sun would become the exception with this class.

[Choose 'Rune Master' as your first class? Y/N]

In truth, although Chang-Sun was about to choose Rune Master, even he was having a hard time grasping why it had shown up on the screen. The class selection was decided based on achievements and records, but he had only shown mundane fighting prowess.
However, no matter what the reason was, all that mattered was that he could be powerful as a Berserker if he could utilize runes well. Rune Master was more than sufficient to reach the final class he aimed to achieve.
‘Drawing runes will be pretty tricky… but this might be better. In terms of pure destructive power, this class has the upper hand.’
Apart from that, it was cumbersome to keep the Berserker’s increasingly out-of-control sanity in check for each battle.
‘I can work with the lack of damage.’
As soon as Chang-Sun collected his thoughts, his finger headed directly toward the ‘Y’ button. A continuous stream of messages popped up in his vision.
Ding!
Ding!

[You have chosen ‘Rune Master’ as your first class!]
[Class Upgrade: ‘Rune Master’!]

[Agility increased by 5.]
[Magic increased by 5.]
[New stat ‘Intelligence’ has been added.]
[New stat ‘Willpower’ has been added.]
[The Class Skill ‘Poor-Level Rune Creation’ has been created.]
[The Class Skill ‘Poor-Level Rune Engraving’ has been created.]

The Intelligence stat improved one’s cognitive and memorization abilities, making it easier to think strategically. Meanwhile, the Willpower stat improved mental strength and heightened one’s concentration. It was a must-have stat for Chang-Sun to create and utilize runes on the battlefield. Both stats had appeared because Rune Master was considered a wizard-type class.
Afterward…

[The Celestial ‘A Good Season to Hunt’ is astounded by your choice!]
[A Celestial who has not revealed their name giggles emptily.]
[A Celestial who has not revealed their name is doubtful.]

Without exception, the deities who had been watching Chang-Sun found his choice incomprehensible. Rune creation was not an easy skill to master, and was definitely not suitable for use by a beginner in an actual fight. Moreover, Chang-Sun did not own a tool to create runes with, or a wand to cast spells using them. Thus, the deities’ confusion was understandable.
Regardless of their reactions, however, Chang-Sun paid no mind to them and quickly inspected his class skills.

[Poor-Level Rune Creation]
You can create runes. Higher skill levels represent deeper understanding of runes, heightening their success rate and decreasing their production time.
· Skill Level: 1
· Type: Class. Active. Manufacturing.
· Effect: Rune crafting.

[Poor-Level Rune Engraving]
You can enchant a designated target with a pre-crafted rune. Higher skill levels will allow the enchantment of more kinds of targets, from objects to people.
· Skill Level: 1
· Type: Class, Active, Buff.
· Effect: Rune enchantment.

‘As expected, I got these two this time, so it’s fine.’
Roughly four minutes remained. Chang-Sun activated one of his new skills without delay.

[The Skill ‘Poor-Level Rune Creation’ has been activated.]
[Distributed 30 additional stats to Intelligence. 0→30]
[Distributed 25 additional stats to Willpower. 0 → 25]
[The increased stats have increased your chances of success!]
Cerulean energy formed at the end of Chang-Sun’s left hand, which meant the skill had been activated. Then, he cut his left hand deeply with [Tiamat's Snaggletooth].
Paaah!
Blood sprayed forcefully out of the wound. In spite of the terrible pain, however, Chang-Sun did not even blink once. He drew a long line on the surface of [Tiamat's Snaggletooth] with his heavily bleeding palm. leaving a scarlet mark on the weapon’s black blade. As blue energy seeped into the blade, [Tiamat's Snaggletooth] trembled slightly.
Chang-Sun thought ‘I never thought that skill the old man forced me to learn would be this useful.’

[‘Tiamat's Snaggletooth’ has been converted into a temporary wand!]

As soon as Chang-Sun finished reading the messages, he began to draw runes on the blade’s surface rapidly. His still-dripping blood served as the paint, and his index and middle finger as the brush. Not a hint of hesitation held him back as he drew the same rune over and over. Each stroke was extremely sharp and decisive, without a single hint of neatness or refinement.

[The Skill ‘Poor-Level Rune Engraving’ has been activated!]
[An ‘Explosion Rune’ has been engraved!]
[An ‘Explosion Rune’ has been engraved!]
…

[The Celestial ‘A Good Season to Hunt’, having read your thoughts, scoffs.]

Pabilsag finally understood what Chang-Sun was aiming for.
Most of a practitioner’s mana was contained in blood, thus making it the most efficient medium for releasing mana from one’s body. Using that, Chang-Sun did not need to prepare tools for rune creation, and could simply turn [Tiamat’s Snaggletooth] into a wand. Now, he was even imbuing it with runes. No common sense could describe what was happening.
[Tiamat’s Snaggletooth] was a relic Pabilsag had received from her mother; thus, even if most of its options were locked, it would be better than any common wand.

[The Celestial ‘A Good Season to Hunt’ wonders how a novice like you knows about runes.]

‘Done.’
When Chang-Sun finished drawing the fifth rune, which was the last one he needed, [Tiamat’s Snaggletooth] jolted violently as if it were about to explode.

[Due to your exceptional concentration and willpower, rune creation and engraving has not failed even once!]
[Due to your exceptional concentration and willpower, rune creation and engraving has not failed even once!]
[The skill level has been increased!]
[As an additional reward, the effects of ‘Explosion Rune × 5’ have been compounded!]

[Your mana supply is exhausted.]
[You have fallen into the ‘Hunger’ state.]

Whoosh―
Stab, stab, stab!
Forcing himself to remain conscious, Chang-Sun used [Tiamat’s Snaggletooth] to draw several diagonal lines in midair.

[00:03:21:05]
[00:03:21:04]
…

About three minutes remained. However, that was more than enough to wipe out the forest before Chang-Sun and kill the Bloody Mamba.
Thud!
Rumble―!
* * *
According to the official government manual, civilians were supposed to divide themselves into groups according to the <Basic Weapons> each of them received if they were entangled in a Random Break.
Shieldbearers would join a Shieldbearer group, Spearmen would join a Spearman group, and Supporters would join a Supporter. Each of the groups would have a unique formation, and they were to be led by a Player or a soldier.
By that standard, Second Lieutenant Park Hae-Seong was the perfect man to handle the current situation, as he was both a soldier and a Player.
‘Again?!’ Hae-Seong thought, having trouble focusing on leading people.
For some time, explosions had begun ringing out through the forest. The latest one was significantly louder than any Hae-Seong had heard before. Naturally, the civilians also looked in its direction, where smoke and fire rose above the trees as the ground rumbled.
“W-What is this?!”
“The monsters aren’t rushing in, are they?”
“What’s going to happen?!”
“What on earth is going on…?!”
They had already been on edge due to the messages related to Chang-Sun. They had no idea what was going on inside the forest. The ‘Tyrant’ they knew was just a normal professional gamer; it was hard to believe that he was displaying such an exceptional level of performance.
Of course, some Players did flourish, developing entirely new talents upon awakening. Thus, in theory, Chang-Sun’s achievements were plausible. However, what happened afterward was the problem.
Monsters were never to be taken lightly. Apart from their extraordinary power and ferocity, they were much smarter than most animals. If they were present in large groups, the danger they posed only grew.
What if a wrong move in the monsters’ habitat triggered a monster wave, sending it over to the Safe Zone? That was the worst-case scenario. Thus, the best option would be for someone to go into the forest and get a grasp on the situation.
The problem was that no one dared to leave the Safe Zone. To civilians, Dungeons were a hellish place where anything could happen. Park Hae-Sung, who happened to be the only Player among them, had a duty to protect and lead them as a soldier. However, he was also unable to exit the area.
In the end, they were dependent on the messages that popped up in their vision for information, and could only make assumptions. The government-mandated formations were for such occasions, to allow civilians to prepare for the worst. Their weapon-holding hands were all sweaty as they hoped nothing more would happen.
However…
Ding!

[The Player ‘Lee Chang-Sun’ has begun the boss raid!]
[Boss: Bloody Mamba.]

“W-What…?”
“The boss raid? Already?”
“Damn! That bastard will kill us all, I’m sure of it!”
The group could not help but curse at the newly-appearing messages. No matter how confident Chang-Sun was, how could he even consider messing with a boss monster?!
Due to the extreme threat it posed, the Bloody Mamba was one of the most famous massive monsters, and even civilians were familiar with it. It was a demonic monster that could fell an ox in an instant with a single drop of its venom. If it escaped its dwelling, the damage it caused would be worse than an ordinary monster wave.
“Son of a bitch…! He did this kind of thing in games, and now he’s doing it again here!” Jeon Choong-Jae, the young man who had spoken ill of Chang-Sun, hissed through gritted teeth.
As far as Choong-Jae knew, Chang-Sun was just an alcoholic; he had no idea how Chang-Sun had awakened his talent as a Player. Regardless of the answer, however, Chang-Sun had run amok and caused trouble for many people.
The civilians all looked at Hae-Seong, seeing him as their last hope.
“Hey, soldier guy! Do something!”
“Right! We’re all gonna die if we don’t do something!”
Hae-Seong called out, “Everyone, just remember what I told you. Calm down and maintain your positions.”
“But…!” someone protested.
“Maintain your position. If our formations collapse even a little, everyone will die,” Hae-Seong instructed them. He knew that if he showed how nervous he was, things would take a turn for the worse. Thus, he could not waver even in the face of opposition.
In the end, although the civilians were all nervous and on edge, they maintained their positions.
‘Damn. Out of all the Dungeons it could have been, why did I have to get entangled in an Unpredictable Gate?!’ Hae-Seong thought. With great difficulty, he swallowed those words back down despite wanting to say them out loud.
Unlike the others, however, he felt a faint glimmer of hope. Amid the black smoke, he saw a golden light shining. He thought ‘If that’s the skill effect that shows up when someone scores a critical hit, we definitely have a chance of winning…!’
The golden skill effect only appeared after satisfying extremely tricky conditions. Among those were decisive blows that reduced a monster’s HP considerably, displays of perfect control, and flawless execution of a skill. Thus, if a Player could trigger even one or two of them, that was sufficient for them to be evaluated as having ‘great control’.
Some of the players who were associated with godlike control were ‘Dr. Frost’, who could bombard vast areas if his magic spells were not dispelled perfectly, or ‘Killer Queen’, who could terrorize targets with a unique assassination technique called ‘One Flower in the Midst’.
Now, however, golden skill effects were being triggered constantly! So many of them filled the air they began to eclipse the black smoke and scarlet fire.
‘What on earth is happening there…?!’
How could Chang-Sun continuously land critical hits against the boss monster of a two-star Dungeon, and during a solo raid, no less? Hae-Seong was certain that even Players who had levels in the thirties would struggle to accomplish such a feat. Now, however, it was being done by a mere novice. Such an event would undoubtedly go down in history if it were revealed to the world.
Perhaps, Hae-Seong thought, he was witnessing the birth of a new member of the ‘Ten Overlords’!
Thud―!
Just then, something extremely large fell to the ground, and the continuous explosions faded like a mirage. Afterward, a new message from the Dungeon appeared in the eyes of the novices.

[The first boss monster, the ‘Bloody Mamba’, has been successfully hunted!]

“Huh?!” Hae-Seong gulped inadvertently.

[The first sector of the Dungeon Quest: ‘Pioneer’ has been successfully conquered.]
[Compiling a temporary ranking.]

Without giving anyone a moment to speak, the messages quickly continued.

[Dungeon Ranking]
Maximum Points: 5,000 Points
First Place: Lee Chang-Sun (4,999 Points)
Second Place: Park Hae-Seong (1 Point)
Third Place: None

[Different rewards will be given out based on performance.]
[Different rewards will be given out based on rank.]