Chapter Name: Chapter 5
Chapter Content:
It was a completely unwelcome quest. Was it because Grid didn’t like the rewards? That was impossible! 
‘The rewards are really good...’ 
3,000 gold was worth around 3,600,000 won when converted into real cash, which was close to 40 days of revenue for him if he worked without any rest. Yet the best thing was the title of ‘Earl’s Son-in-Law’. 
All his stats would receive a boost of +20! Grid currently had nine stats in total: strength, stamina, agility, intelligence, dexterity, composure, indomitable, dignity, and insight. If he added the nobility stat, that would equal 10 in total. 
If all of these stats were given 20 points, it would be a total of 200 stat points. He obtained 10 stat points every time he gained a level, so 200 stat points were worth 20 levels. Additionally, it would be wonderful for him to have a beautiful aristocratic lady as his bride. 
‘The road is open, but...’ 
However, there was a reason why the rewards were so good. It was an S grade quest! 
‘Earl Ashur’s Fury was an S grade quest.’
At the time of the quest, Grid was level 79, but he couldn’t cope with the difficulty level. He was killed many times during the quest and dropped down to level 73. In addition, the time he spent on it was three months! 
He was currently level -1, so he had no means of clearing an S grade quest with a time limit. Why would he accept a quest that would obviously fail? 
‘Furthermore, my level will fall by two if I fail.’ 
Grid’s body trembled with fear and anger at the thought of his level dropping to -3. 
‘But why on earth is it an S grade quest again?’ 
S grade quests were never common quests. Even the top-level rankers who were above level 200 could count the number of times that they had received an S grade quest on just one hand. However, Grid wasn’t a high-level user and was currently at level -1. 
He recalled what Doran said: “As you know, the Yatan Temple is filled with evil energy. Ordinary people will become afraid if they stay here for a while. But I observed you, and you’re fine despite all the time that passed. In addition, you can even manage to laugh alone. You... You actually have great abilities, don’t you?”
There were hints in these words. The quest seemed to be generated by staying in the Yatan Temple for a certain period of time without falling into the ‘fear’ state. This was because Grid’s title and Composure stat lowered his chances of falling under an abnormal condition. 
Was it good? Did he like it? 
‘Won’t I be screwed if this is a forced quest? The attributes of this title are crazy, but it’s like this game is trying to make me quit.’ 
Grid replied unhesitatingly, “I can’t do it. Ask someone else.” 
[The quest was refused.] 
Although Grid refused the quest, Doran didn’t quit. 
He pleaded, “You are the only unusual person, so please help me. A precious person’s life is involved!” 
[Doran is desperate. Do you understand his sad circumstances and accept the quest?] 
The concept of the notification window was lost. Did it think Grid was in a position to take care of others right now? Grid immediately swiped the window away and said, “You are mistaken. I am weak and incompetent, so I won’t be able to help you. It would be better for you to take care of it alone.” 
[The quest was refused.] 
“As you know, the believers of Yatan use powerful black magic! I can’t rescue the young lady from them alone! Please don’t turn away, lend me your strength!” 
[Doran hasn’t given up. Would you like to accept the quest?]
“No, first of all, I don’t have the ability to do it...” 
[The quest was refused.] 
“You are too modest! Don’t you know that the power to ignore their fear isn’t common?” 
[Doran can only depend on you. Would you like to accept the quest?] 
Sometimes, there were quest NPCs who would persist like this as they had their own desperate situations. Yes, Grid could understand Doran’s feelings. If Doran returned without rescuing his master’s daughter, his head would go flying off. Still, what about Grid? What if he failed and his level dropped again? 
Why should he go through such terrible things because of Doran? Grid was more important to himself than a complete stranger! The biggest problem was that he didn’t have the ability to help Doran in the first place. 
“Please help! I am begging you!” Doran fell to his knees. 
Grid looked at him. This man—all the words Grid said to him were entering one ear and leaving the other... Or maybe he thought Grid was lying. 
‘It’s probably the latter. Is it so great that I don’t feel fear while staying in the Yatan Temple? I haven’t been here before, so I don’t even know what I’m supposed to feel.’ 
Grid faced Doran head on and explained with a more serious attitude, “I'm really sorry, but I truly don’t have the strength to help you. Don’t waste your time on me. Call the earl and ask for his help.” 
[The quest was refused.] 
“Every hour is urgent! The young lady’s life might be in danger while I go to ask the earl for help! You are the only person I can rely on! This is a request!” 
[Doran is hoping for a helping hand. Would you like to accept the quest?] 
The limits of patience. 
“Ah, this is frustrating! Do you really need my help? I don’t want to look at you anymore, so go away!” 
“Please give mercy for the sake of her life!” 
“What? No! Damn. Yes, I should leave. I am going now!” Grid once again refused the quest and turned away from Doran. 
This was a terrible quest that would cause his level to drop by two upon failure, so Grid wanted to avoid it. However, unlike his thoughts, his feet didn’t move quickly. He was 200% over the weight limit, so his movement speed was reduced by 100%. 
Seeing Grid move as slowly as a turtle, Doran misunderstood and teared up. “You act so intimidatingly, but you are actually conflicted... You really do want to help me...” 
“......” 
“Stop feeling conflicted and help me!” 
[Doran feels hopeful again. Would you like to accept the quest?] 
“Bullshit! I won’t help!” 
[The quest was refused.] 
Grid ignored Doran and hastened his steps, but once again, his speed was slow. 
This only deepened Doran’s misunderstanding. “Maybe you’re conflicted because your life is busy, but the life of a person is more important! This is a request!!” 
“I can’t! It isn’t possible!” 
“Don’t deceive yourself! In fact, you are suffering as well! You can’t leave this place immediately, which is why there is such hesitation in your step!” 
“There is no hesitation! I’m not walking slowly! My baggage is heavy, that’s all!” 
Doran continued chasing after Grid, and Grid’s slow pace couldn’t get rid of him. 
[Would you like to accept the quest?] 
[Would you like to accept the quest?] 
[Would you like...] 
‘What a stupid jerk!’ The notification windows kept popping up no matter how much Grid refused. He had to make a drastic decision. ‘I can’t carry on like this. Yes, I have to refuse, even if I develop a hostile relationship with him. He isn’t a NPC I need to build up a relationship with, so it won’t hurt if he is my enemy.’ 
Grid pulled out Mamon’s greatsword and glared at Doran. “I definitely can’t help you. If you don’t get away right now, I am prepared to hurt you.” 
Doran grasped the atmosphere and took one step back. Then he slowly opened his mouth, “I really wish you would help me...” 
[Doran is asking for the last time. Would you like to accept the quest?] 
Swipe! 
‘How many times do I have to see this damn notification window?’ 
“I won’t help! Even if I can help, I don’t want to! I won’t help!” 
Grid’s stress went over the threshold, and he could no longer suppress his anger. In the end, he yelled and swung Mamon’s greatsword, expressing his intent not to talk to Doran anymore. 
Then... 
Kwajak! 
“Kaaack!” 
The sensation of hitting something was transmitted through Grid’s fingertips as a scream rang out at the same time. 
Grid turned his gaze to the side of the greatsword and saw what had just occurred. A believer wearing the robe of Yatan had collapsed with Mamon’s greatsword in his neck. 
An ominous chill ran down Grid’s spine. “I was aiming at the crazy guy, so why did the person next to him...” 
As Grid stared at the dying believer, a new notification window popped up. 
[Your relationship with the Yatan Church has become hostile.] 
[You won’t be able to receive Yatan’s blessings.] 
[The followers of Yatan will try to kill you when they find you.] 
The atmosphere of the temple changed. 
While Grid was getting surrounded by dozens of Yatan’s believers, Doran got up and placed a hand on Grid’s shoulder before crying out, “Thank you!!” 
“Eh?” 
[Rescue the Earl’s Esteemed Daughter] 
[Difficulty: S 
Irene, the only daughter of Earl Steim, is a beautiful and innocent virgin. The elders of Yatan had kidnapped Irene in order to sacrifice her for her virgin blood. 
You can’t tolerate the evil deeds of Yatan’s followers. You must surely rescue Irene.
Quest Clear Conditions: Rescue Irene within one hour after accepting the quest. 
Clear Reward: 3,000 gold, a low probability of becoming the earl’s son-in-law. 
* Earl’s son-in-law: Nobility stat will open, all stats +20. 
You will be treated as a viscount after marrying the earl’s esteemed daughter. Power and honor will rise. You can advance into the social circle of the nobles. You will receive a monthly salary. This can be a shortcut to becoming a high-ranking official or lord. 
Quest Failure: Level -2.]
[The quest has been accepted.] 
“Wow,” Grid muttered. 
Due to his hostile relationship with the Yatan Church, the ‘Rescue the Earl’s Esteemed Daughter’ quest was forced upon him. 
“Huhuhu...” 
Some might say this was unlucky. No, it was more accurate to say that Grid had no luck. 
‘Failure once again... it will be level -3!’ 
At any rate, Grid had no luck. Perhaps he sold a country in his previous life.
“Who dares hurt Yatan’s believers! Aren’t you afraid of the curse of God Yatan?”
“God Yatan is almighty! God Yatan has already noticed your sin! You won’t be safe for the rest of your life!”
“You will pay a heavy price for your blasphemy!”
The angry voices of the Yatan followers clamored around Grid. Their crazy eyes were filled with absolute hostility.
‘Will I die now?’ Grid thought.
The followers of Yatan were black magicians. Black magicians had strong curse abilities, so they were difficult to deal with.