Chapter Name: Chapter 4
Chapter Content:
‘The negative level isn’t a bug.’
The numbers in parentheses beside the level indicated Grid’s current experience and the amount of experience required to reach the next level. The existence of this experience figure meant that he could level up. In the worst-case scenario, he was worried that he wouldn’t be able to level up because he was bugged.
‘I’m glad it isn’t a bug...’ 
Grid still felt upset. That was not surprising. After all, his level was originally over 70, but now he was lower than even new players who had just created their characters.
‘I have to endure this.’
He braced himself. It might take time, but he could raise his level again. The reason for this positive thinking was due to the qualities of his profession and title. Grid didn’t know anything about item creation, so he couldn’t comment on the probability of adding additional options. Nevertheless, it was still something good to have.
‘The odds of enhancement will increase.’
In Satisfy, items could be enhanced up to +10. However, the price of the materials needed for enhancement was expensive. In addition, the higher the enhancement number and item rating, the lower the probability of the enhancement succeeding. Furthermore, if the enhancement was successful, the enhancement value would be +1. However, if it failed, it would be -3. Consequently, the price for items with an enhancement of +6 would rise exponentially.
‘I don’t know how much the probability has risen, but can’t I feel hope for a large amount of money?’
Both of the class characteristics that were mentioned were quite attractive. However, Grid’s bigger interest was placed on the characteristic that all items could be worn unconditionally. This was an unreasonable merit. Depending on the penalties that were applied, this attribute could disrupt the balance of the game.
’Isn’t this a fraudulent class attribute?’
Most of the equipment items in Satisfy had conditions of use attached to them. If the conditions weren’t met, the item couldn’t be worn. For that reason, every level had strong limitations. Yet that didn’t apply to Grid due to the nature of his class.
‘Really?’
Grid opened his inventory.
[Mamon’s Greatsword] 
[Rating: Epic
Durability: 88/204   Attack Power: 178~301   Attack Speed: -16%
-Additional water damage will be added to all critical attacks.
This is the greatsword patronized by the guardian of Lake Pamian, Mamon. Due to the influence of the lake, this sword has the strong aura of water.
Conditions of Use: Level 65 or higher, more than 260 strength, more than 150 stamina.
Weight: 1,050]
[Mengel’s Plate Armor] 
[Rating: Rare
Durability: 51/180   Defense: 165  Movement Speed: -2%
* Strength +10
This is a work made by the blacksmith Mengel in the fortified city of Patrian. With it, the defense is improved and the weight lowered. The wearer of this work can feel Mengel’s strong willpower that remained behind.
Conditions of Use: Level 60 or higher, more than 180 strength.
Weight: 1,203] 
Grid’s current stats didn’t meet the conditions of use attached to Mamon’s Greatsword or Mengel’s Plate Armor. In other words, a normal person wouldn’t be able to wear both items. Grid was an exception.
[Due to your class characteristics, you have equipped Mamon’s Greatsword.] 
[A penalty is applied because the item conditions are not met.]
[Attack power of Mamon’s Greatsword will decrease by 30%. Only half of the option effects will be applied.]
[The penalties will be reduced if your understanding of Mamon’s Greatsword increases.]
[Due to your class characteristics, you have equipped Mengel’s Plate Armor.]
[A penalty is applied because the item conditions are not met.]
[Defense of Mengel’s Plate Armor will decrease by 20%. Only half of the option effects will be applied.]
[The penalties will be reduced if your understanding of Mengel's Plate Armor’ increases.]
“Amazing...”
Satisfy rarely had items with no usage conditions. Grid recalled a set of beginner items that were representative of having no conditions. He didn’t remember it exactly, but in the case of the beginner’s gear he received at level 1, the greatsword’s attack power was 5 to 13 while the armor’s defense was 7. However, Grid could now use a weapon capable of at least 124 to 210 attack power and 132 defense at level one.
‘Won’t it be surprisingly easy to recover my level?’
No matter how low his level was, Grid could hunt monsters around level 20 with just the attack power of Mamon’s Greatsword. Additionally, thanks to Mengel’s Plate Armor, he wouldn’t receive any damage from low-level monsters. In other words, Grid would be able to hunt monsters much more quickly and easily than other users at the same level thanks to the item effect. This would be directly linked to leveling up at the speed of light.
‘The basic penalties system is that rare items have a drop of 20% in the basic abilities, while epic items have a 30% drop. Only half of the item effects are applied...' 
The penalties were surprisingly small. Unique and legendary ranked items would be subjected to more penalties, but at this point, it was a sufficiently fraudulent ability. 
“This is a legendary class...! But what is understanding?”
Due to his excitement, Grid belatedly noticed the bit about ‘understanding’ that appeared in the notification windows. Then he checked the detailed information.
[Item Understanding]
[Pagma's Successor can understand the materials and principles of the item by using, disassembling, or repairing the equipment items. The higher the level of understanding, the more efficiently one can handle the items. If you have a 100% understanding, you can learn how to make that item.] 
“Ohu~”
The higher his level of understanding, the fewer penalties there would be.
“Then I’ll get the production method? Wow...”
Ordinary production users had to pay a large amount of money or complete hard quests to get production methods. Yet Grid could get it for free, as long as he increased his understanding.
‘The repair skill is available and my item durability is low, so I will try and repair it later.’
Then he looked at the title attributes. In combat, the one thing players had to be most cautious of was an abnormal status. This was due to its ability to often reverse the state of a battle. By the way, Grid’s title lowered the probability of being affected by abnormal statuses. It also said that he wouldn’t die when his health was at the minimum, so he could be immortal temporarily.
‘Easily acknowledged—does that mean my affinity with NPCs can be easily increased?'
“Puhuhut...”
Grid was happy. He was so happy that he couldn’t stop laughing. The class and title attributes alone gave him the feeling of being ahead of other regular users. He had become special. This felt like proper compensation for his three months of suffering.
“But...”
Still, Grid would’ve enjoyed a much greater pleasure if he could’ve sold the book for money.
“I missed out on the opportunity to get rid of my creditors and to drive a foreign car!”
He suddenly went from feeling good to feeling bad.
“~#@….!^%*@…. Ashur!!”
Grid pounded the floor with frustration and resentment while pouring all out types of profanities toward Ashur. Gradually, his heart was soothed. It was due to an unfamiliar stat, so he decided to check it.
[Composure]
[The probability of being affected by an abnormal state is lowered. If affected by an abnormal condition, you will recover quickly.
* The higher the number, the higher the effect. 
* Stat points can’t be distributed to this stat.]
[Indomitable]
[Has a certain probability of invalidating a portion of the incoming damage. The lower the health, the higher the probability.
* The higher the number, the higher the effect.
* Stat points can’t be distributed to this stat.]
[Dignity]
[Can’t be pushed down by others. There is a rare chance of making the enemy submit to you.
* The higher the number, the higher the effect.
* Stat points can’t be distributed to this stat.]
[Insight]
[Discover the target. Predict risks.
* The higher the number, the higher the probability.
* Stat points can’t be distributed to this stat.] 
Every stat had a great effect. 
‘By the way, how am I going to raise the stat’s number if I can’t distribute points to it?’
The explanation made the stats seem great, but they might be stats without much practical use.
At the moment that Grid was about to open the skills window...
“Aack!” He screamed with fear as something had suddenly touched his back. Then he belatedly recalled that he was in a Yatan Temple.
“W-What?!!!” Grid hurriedly turned around and reflexively wielded Mamon’s Greatsword. 
The man behind Grid dodged Grid’s attack and raised both his hands. “Hey, calm down. Do you want to kill a person?”
The one who spoke was a Caucasian-looking man who seemed to have an assassin-type class due to his light equipment and agile body. 
‘His finger poked my back.’
It might’ve been okay if it was a sword, but it was embarrassing to scream just because of a finger.
“What is it?” Grid asked.
The man shrugged. “How depressing. Shouldn’t you apologize after trying to kill a person?”
His smile looked like a smirk. 
Grid disliked this type of person. ‘This person is speaking so impolitely at our first meeting.’
Certainly, the man looked older than Grid and, at first glance, seemed to be in his mid-30s. However, Grid’s one year of experience in the game was enough to let him know how deceptive appearances were. He had once called someone ‘Younger Brother’, only to find out they were seven years older than him. 
‘This bastard… He looked like he was in his 30s, but…’
“Cough.” Grid’s fists trembled, barely managing to calm himself as he remembered his shameful past. “I’m sorry about that. But shouldn’t you apologize for poking me without notice and surprising me?”
The man laughed and reached out for a handshake. “Young man, I called out to you. However, you were so engrossed in thinking that you didn’t hear me. That is why I poked you. I’m sorry.”
Refusing to shake hands with the man, Grid asked instead, “So why did you call me?”
The man scratched his head and shrugged. “As you know, the Yatan Temple is filled with evil energy. Ordinary people will become afraid if they stay here for a while. But I observed you, and you’re fine despite all the time that passed. In addition, you can even manage to laugh alone. You... You actually have great abilities, don’t you?”
‘Perhaps this is...’ As Grid got a hunch, he checked the name above the man’s head. 
The man’s eyes shone. “My name is Doran. I am a shadow who secretly protects Earl Steim. One or two days after I went on vacation, the Earl’s esteemed daughter was kidnapped. I tracked her and found out that she was trapped in the basement of this temple. Won’t you lend me your strength? I will give you remuneration for the request.”
“I don’t...” Grid had thought the man was a user, but it turned out that he was actually an NPC.
Due to the perfect artificial intelligence, the distinction between users and NPCs was ambiguous, and this mistake sometimes occurred. However, the name above the man’s head was green, symbolizing he was indeed an NPC. 
Then a notification window about a quest popped up.
[Rescue the Earl’s Esteemed Daughter] 
[Difficulty: S
Irene, the only daughter of Earl Steim, is a beautiful and innocent virgin. The elders of Yatan had kidnapped Irene in order to sacrifice her for her virgin blood.
Quest Clear Conditions: Rescue Irene within one hour after accepting the quest.
Clear Reward: 3,000 gold, a low probability of becoming the earl’s son-in-law. 
* Earl’s son-in-law: Nobility stat will open, all stats +20.
You will be treated as a viscount after marrying the earl’s esteemed daughter. Power and honor will rise. You can advance into the social circle of the nobles. You will receive a monthly salary. This can be a shortcut to becoming a high-ranking official or lord.
Quest Failure: Level -2.]
[Would you like to accept the quest?]
This was crazy.