Chapter Name: Chapter 5. Fhtagn Covenant's High Priest
Chapter Content:
The high priest's voice sounded old and thick. It was as though his throat was covered with a viscous layer of phlegm. His voice made Charles feel extremely uncomfortable.
"Where is the artifact?" Charles asked.
"It's not far. It's on a newly discovered island to the left of the Coral Archipelago."
Charles continued inquiring, "Why me? There are many others that are stronger than I am and with an even better ship."
The high priest let out a chuckle, "The place is a little dangerous. We need a cautious captain."
Charles certainly did not believe the high priest when the latter said it was only a little dangerous. A little danger would not justify a reward of one million Echo.
"I'm surely not the only person you have spoken to. What happened to the others?"
"Captain Charles, didn't you proclaim that you will be buying an exploration ship? If you are afraid of even this little bit of danger, I'm doubtful that you could become a hero who can expand the territories of humanity," the high priest replied, his voice stained with contempt.
Judging from the fact that the crimson-robed figure before him did not directly answer his question, Charles knew that his predecessors must have met an unfavorable fate. That place was definitely very dangerous. He contemplated for a few moments before he finally decided to bite the bullet. Fortune favored the bold, and he did not want to delay his trip home any longer.
As for the danger? No expedition was actually safe now. As long as they got out at the sea, where creatures lurked in the depths, no place was truly secure.
"Alright. But how can I guarantee that you will keep your word?"
The high priest seemed understanding and replied, "I can deposit the reward into Albion Bank. They can be the witness." He paused for a few seconds. "I have a question, though. Captain Charles, why are you so eager to buy an exploration ship? Is it for power? Money? Or perhaps, honor?"
Charles had no intention of concealing his ultimate goal. "For the Land of Light."
Hearing Charle's reply, the robed figure trembled as his aged voice croaked with a hint of panic.
"For the Land of Light. Are you by any chance a follower of the Divine Light Order?"
"No."
The high priest let out a sigh of relief. "That's good. If you were really one of those heretics, then I would have to reconsider our transaction. Don't get involved with those complete lunatics. They are an evil cult!"
Charles could not help but find it amusing that a follower of the Fhtagn Covenant that enjoyed offering live human sacrifices would say such words. This was the perfect example of a pot calling the kettle black. According to the surface society's standard, all religions in this subterranean sea were cults. All of their religious rituals were as anti-human as they could be.
After Charles walked out of the confessional, Hook entered the room once more. This time, he was holding a goblet of blood, and he respectfully placed it behind the high priest.
"Go and finalize the contract with him now. Get him to leave as soon as possible."
Hook nodded and carefully chose his next words.
"Your Holiness, do you think this trip will be a successful one?"
A black tentacle reached out from under the high priest's robe sleeve, curling itself around the goblet before retracting inside.
"We can take things slowly. This is only the 9th one. Be patient. The artifact of the Lord can only belong to us."
Wasting no time, Charles and Hook then headed for the largest bank in the Coral Archipelago.
The moment he saw the bald man pen 'Fhtagn Covenant' on the contract, Charles felt relieved. The legality of the agreement had now been endorsed by the Governor of the Coral Archipelago. The Fhtagn Covenant could never go back on their word because the price to pay for doing so would be way more than one million Echo.
"Captain Charles. I heard that your first mate has resigned, is that true?"
"Does that have anything to do with our transaction?" Charles tucked the contract into an inner pocket of his clothes.
"Of course not. We just want to ensure that you can complete the mission as soon as possible. The Fhtagn Covenant has specifically chosen a first mate for you. He has extensive sailing experience, so please do not turn down our offer of assistance."
Charles furrowed his brows and stared at the bald man. "Is this to keep an eye on me?"
"No, no. He's only there to guide you. That island is rather secluded, and we are worried that you might not be able to find it."
To be honest, Charles did not really mind. They both shared a mutual interest for this trip, and no matter how crazy those cultists might be, they would not send someone to deliberately hinder things.
"I'll set sail in three days at six in the morning."
Three days later.
The docks were already bustling with activity in the early morning. Teams of laborers were loading and unloading goods like diligent worker ants.
Charles stood at the bow of his ship as he waited. The other crew member stood on the deck, engaged in casual conversation. Among them were two new faces—two newly hired A.B. Meanwhile, the former A.B. Dipp had been promoted to Boatswain.
The freshly promoted young lad seemed excited. He had his hands clasped behind his back as he educated the newcomers as though he had many years of sailing experience under his belt, despite them being older than him.
The second engineer and the cook beside Dipp looked less carefree. They knew this mission was more than what met the eyes.
"James, I thought you might leave like Old John did,"commented the bamboo-thin cook, Frey.
"The captain saved my life. I will follow him wherever he goes. Besides, the captain said that the mission rewards are generous. Once I receive my share, I can propose to Mosicca," the tall man replied with a beaming smile as he imagined the wedding scene.
"What if you die? This isn't a simple transportation mission. Exploring islands is a task meant for Explorers."
"I'm not afraid. It's not too bad if we all get to die together," James answered. He then turned to look at his companion and asked, "What about you, Frey? Why did you come along?"
"You know my personality. I'm too lazy to go elsewhere," Frey answered as his calm gaze landed on Charles' back.
In truth, Frey had chosen not to leave because, a few years ago, he had caught a glimpse of Charles taking out a rectangular object in the privacy of the Captain's cabin. That item could play music like a phonograph and could even put on a ghostly theatrical performance.
Although he had no idea what that object was, he had a strong feeling that it was some sort of powerful relic, and he suspected that tears were the price the user had to pay. Because on that day, he had also witnessed the usually rational captain crying like a child.
From that moment on, Frey felt that he ought to follow this captain till the end of his sailing career. His safety was assured if his captain had such a powerful relic in his possession.
What mattered most on an expedition was staying alive. The rewards or the workload were insignificant in comparison.
Again and again, his choice was proven to be correct. Those who had started their sailing career around the same time as him were mostly dead, but here he was, alive and well.
Standing at the ship's bow, Charles suddenly squinted his eyes. In the distance, he could see a group of black-robed figures being led by Hook as they made their way through the laborers toward the dock.
"Where is he? Hurry up. I don't have time," Charles remarked impatiently.
Hook smiled and clapped his hands together. A person behind him stepped forward in response.
When Charles saw the man's appearance, he thought he was looking at a mummy. The individual was wrapped up completely in khaki-colored bandages with not an inch of skin exposed.
"You can call him Bandages or any other name you prefer. He used to be a first mate and knows the location of that island. He'll be a great help to your current expedition."
"Is the thing inside alive?" Charles inquired, his voice filled with caution.
"Haha. Don't worry. He's human. Alive and kicking," Hook replied. He then took out a dagger and slashed the face of the bandaged man. The bandage loosened and revealed black skin while crimson blood flowed out from the cut wound.
"A Black person? They exist in this world?" Charles took a closer look and realized he had been overjoyed for nothing. The man's skin was not of the shade that was distinctive of a certain race from the surface, but rather it was ink-black from the tattooed letters that densely covered his entire body. Charles' yearning had him jumping at anything that could remotely hint at a potential route back home.